fifteen cooking tricks that chefs reveal
only at culinary schools how do
restaurant chefs manage to cook
delicious culinary masterpieces so fast
professional chefs usually keep all
their cooking tricks a secret and share
them only with their students however
we've managed to find out some drops of
cooking wisdom these secrets will help
to make your dishes taste just as great
as Gordon Ramsay's or even better
also you will be rewarded with the most
unusual cooking trick you have ever
heard of number 15 the perfect steak
starving you Louie home thinking of that
perfect piece of meat that will make
such a wonderful steak it's still in the
freezer but it shouldn't matter right
wrong don't fry a piece of meat that
you've just taken out of the fridge
leave it for an hour or two before
cooking to let it come up to room
temperature now you'll fry the meat
evenly and get a great meal regardless
of how you like your steak done if you
want a beautiful brown crust on your
steak get rid of all the moisture in the
meat before frying so if you were too
hungry to wait maybe it's better to
order some pizza number 14 the juiciest
meat it takes time to fry chicken or
pork properly and you can dry them out
very easily to avoid this many European
chefs use a simple trick they put the
meat in a brine it's very easy to make a
good brine take three cups of water add
a quarter cup of salt and a quarter cup
of sugar pour the brine onto your meat
so that the liquid covers it and put the
bowl in a fridge the time of brining
depends on the thickness of the chops
you have approximately one hour for two
pounds of meat don't leave it for more
than eight hours or less than a half an
hour if you cook chicken wings the
brining time should be based on an
average weight of one wing don't forget
to Pat the chops dry before cooking you
work on fried not stewed after all
number thirteen flavoring spices
if you are that person who likes their
dishes savory and full flavored this tip
will take you to cloud 9 to extract
natural flavors and enhance the taste of
the black pepper or cumin in your dish
toss them in a pan over medium heat
toasting them until they're fragrant
after that you can use a mortar and
pestle to grind your spices you can
substitute ground black pepper with
black peppercorns and crack the seeds
when you add it to your dish you'll get
a much better aroma and flavor number 12
light and airy dough do you prefer to
cook from scratch then you prepare the
dough yourself if you want to make it
perfect here is a simple rule take the
butter and eggs out of the fridge the
night before to let them come up to room
temperature you'll thank us later
what is more if you use yeast put the
dough in a warm place and wait until it
becomes very puffy the puffy of the
dough the area of the pastry number 11
fish with a delicate crust if you want
to fry fish on a grill spread some
mayonnaise on it to get a tasty delicate
crust take a pastry brush dip the tip in
the sauce and lightly apply mail to the
fish add some salt and then grill it we
guarantee you'll get a perfect golden
crust
use the minimum amount of spices on your
fish it's better to use salt when the
fish is done spritz it with lemon juice
for the best result number 10 cooking
steak without oil Alain Ducasse one of
the most famous chefs in the world
revealed his secret for cooking a great
steak
the stake is placed on its edge because
it renders the fat now you're able to
cook the steak in beef fat plus it
creates a delicious crust on the edges
thus you don't need to use oil while
cooking it's as simple as that
number nine creamy mashed potatoes
mashed potatoes are considered to be
ideal comfort food but let us be honest
when was the last time your potatoes
were fluffy and creamy enough to prepare
them properly isn't as easy as it seems
but we have a secret to share
before turning boiled potatoes into the
mashed ones you need to dry them
properly just place them in a clean
heated frying pan and keep them there
until the remains of water dry out don't
let the heat fry them when the potatoes
are dry you'll get the best creamy
mashed potatoes a little extra tip to
avoid Hotmail splashing when you make
mashed potatoes smash some of them in a
pan and then add the milk
this recommendation will come in handy
for the lovers of vegetable cream soup
right before you start cooking it fry
all the vegetables separately with olive
oil then add some water or broth frying
will caramelize the sugar in the
vegetables and enhance the flavor the
dish will be exquisite
and tasty the same trick can be applied
to a vegetable stew please remember one
more thing
as tasty and as mouth-watering as your
freshly cooked soup is let it cool a bit
too hot or too cold dishes impair your
taste judgment you just won't be able to
feel all the richness of the flavor
number seven the best pancakes
regardless of the recipe you follow
always add two tablespoons of sour cream
to the mix this trick suits all kinds of
pancakes well and they turn out to be
very tasty fluffy and free of cracks
another trick depends on how pee should
you are the tastiest dough you will get
is the one that is kept in the fridge
for about 12 hours are you in doubt
check it out number 6
sugar is not just for sweetness sugar
can be as good of seasoning as salt add
a bit of sugar to a dish with pickled or
fresh tomatoes or a tomato paste the
sugar reduces their natural sourness and
makes any meal taste better just don't
overdo it
nobody wants a sweet Pizza number 5 the
most difficult one perfectly fried eggs
anyone can fry an egg you might say let
us disagree the three components of a
perfectly fried egg are a thick-walled
frying pan butter and minimum heat heat
up the frying pan and add a half
tablespoon of butter
it has to melt slowly not reach a sizzle
break the eggs and cook for 4 to 5
minutes add salt and enjoy perfectly
fried eggs another variant is to melt
some butter then break an egg on top of
it when you see that the bottom of the
egg is already firm it can slide around
easily add another piece of butter
as soon as it melts scoop a bit with a
spoon and pull over the whites to repeat
this until no liquid butter is left van
sprinkle the egg with some salt Bon
Appetit number four clear broth a clear
broth is the main component in many
soups sauces and other dishes to make a
crystal clear broth you need to cook
chicken on a low heat without a cover
for at least three hours
don't let it boil and remove the suds as
they appear after cooking it for one and
a half hours you can add parsley celery
carrots and onions when cooking a beef
or a lamb broth you might want to roast
root vegetables before adding them to
your soup just cut them into halves and
put them in a heated frying pan without
oil fry until a dark brown crust appears
and then add them to the broth this
trick will make the taste of your dish
very rich number three
crispy bread crust
if you bake at home you might have faced
difficulties with your crust it's either
too pale or too thin you can solve this
problem quite easily by putting a bowl
of water into your oven when you bake
instead of such a bowl you can use a
tray full of ice cubes the trick here is
in the steam which is produced during
baking it will keep the outer layer of
the dole moist without it the crust will
cook too quickly and instead of being
crispy to become burnt and dense so the
steam will do the magic and you will
have nothing to do but enjoy the results
number 2 cook onions correctly do you
avoid using onions in your dishes
because they turn out strange every time
you try to cook them forget this problem
we will reveal the secret of perfectly
made onions for you using a medium heat
for frying and add both cooking oil and
butter to the heated frying pan cut the
onions and fry them with some salt the
salt does three good things it gets rid
of the unpleasant onion smell it helps
them cook quicker and it caramelizes
them to add a sweet flavor
you should also only use butter for
frying onions to prevent them from
darkening use melted butter instead
number one don't be afraid of garlic not
only vampires are afraid of garlic its
smell can ruin a business meeting or a
romantic dinner if you still love to eat
it but don't want to frighten away your
date or wreck the negotiations because
who wants a partner terrified of
vampires don't add garlic to the dish
instead you can apply some garlic juice
to the plate thus you'll avoid the
unpleasant smell and enjoy your favorite
flavor you are welcome hopefully these
tips have been useful for you but there
is one more secret left to reveal bonus
say no to non state pans
have you ever noticed that it's quite
hard to cook something with a crispy
crust on a nonstick frying pan
the reason is the nonstick coating use
this type of pan only for frying eggs
and pancakes if you want your meat or
fish to have a golden crust buy a new
frying pan without a nonstick coating do
you have any personal cooking tricks up
your sleeve share them in the comments
and if this video gathers 50,000 likes
we will reveal the secret ingredients of
the most popular drinks in the world
click subscribe to join us on the bright
side